so we talked about PageRank as a way to
to capture the authorities now we also
looked at the some other examples where
a hub might be interesting so there is
another algorithm called hits and that's
going to compute the scores for
authorities and hubs the intuitions are
pages that are widely cite are good
holidays and whereas pages that decide
many other pages are good hops right but
I think the most interesting idea of
this algorithm hits is it's going to use
a reinforcement mechanism to kind of
help her improve the scoring for hubs
and authorities and him so here's the
idea
it would assume that good authorities on
site by good hubs that means if you
excited by many pages with good hops
course then that increases your
authority score and similarly could hubs
are those that pointed who could
authorities so if you get you pointed to
a lot of good authority pages then your
hub score will be increased so is then
we can iterate to really reinforce each
other because you can point to some good
hubs all sorry you can point to some
good authorities to get a good hop score
whereas those authority scores would be
also improved because they are pointed
to by a good hub and this album is also
general it can have many applications in
graph and network analysis so just
briefly here's how it works we first of
all so construct the matrix but this
time we're going to construct the
adjacency matrix we're not going to
normalize the values so if there's a
link there's a Y if there's no link
that's zero against the same graph and
then we're going to define the cup score
of page as the sum of the authority
scores of all the pages that it points
to so whether you are happy really
depends on whether you're pointing to a
lot
good authority pages that's what it says
in the first equation in the second
equation we define the authorities of a
page as the sum of the happ's cause of
all those pages that are pointed to you
so whether you are good authority would
depend on whether those pages that are
pointing to you are good hubs so you can
see this forms a iterative reinforcement
mechanism now these two equations can be
also written in the matrix form
format so what we get here is then the
hub vector is equal to the product of
the adjacency matrix and the authority
vector and this is basically the first
equation right and similarly the second
equation can be written as the authority
vector is equal to the product of a
transpose multiplied by the top vector
and these are just different ways of
expressing these situations but what's
interesting is that if you look at the
matrix form you can also plug in the
authority equation into the first one so
if you do that you have to eliminate the
authority vector completely and you'll
get the equation of only half scores the
happ's core vector is equal to ay
multiplied by a transpose multiplied by
the top score vector again and similarly
we can do a transformation to have a
question for just the authority it's
called so although we frame the problem
as computing hubs and authorities we
have to eliminate the one of them to
obtain a question just for one of them
now the difference between this and
PageRank is that now the matrix is
actually a multiplication of the map
edges in the matrix and it's transpose
so this was different from PageRank but
mathematically then we will be computing
the same problem so in happen hits we
typically would initialize the values
that say one for all these values and
then we would iteratively apply these
using questions essentially and this is
the equipment will multiply that by by
the matrix a and a transpose right and
so the algorithm means the exactly the
similar to break rank but here because
the edges in the matrix is not
normalized so what we have to is to what
we have to do is after each iteration
we're going to normalize and this would
allow us to continue the growth of value
otherwise they would accrue larger and
larger and if we do that and then we
were basically get hits algorithm to
computer the haps goals and all sort of
the scores for all the pages and these
scores can then be used in ranking just
like a page where any scores so to
summarize in this lecture we have seen
that linking formation is very useful in
particular the anchor text is very
useful to increase the the tacks
recommendation of a page and we'll talk
about page rank and hits almond has two
major link analysis algorithms both can
generate scores for web pages that can
be used in in ranking function note that
page rank and hits also very general
algorithms so they have many
applications in analyzing other graphs
on networks
you